<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE. -->
<!-- This is an auto-generated file. -->
# Kendo UI Themes Utility Classes

This article lists documentation regarding the Kendo UI utility classes.

## In This Article

* [Aria](#aria)
* [Display](#display)
* [Flex-layout](#flex-layout)
* [Float](#float)
* [Grid-layout](#grid-layout)
* [Order](#order)
* [Overflow](#overflow)
* [Pointer-events](#pointer-events)
* [Position](#position)
* [Resize](#resize)
* [Spacer](#spacer)
* [Spacing](#spacing)
* [Table-layout](#table-layout)
* [Text](#text)
* [Touch-action](#touch-action)
* [Transform](#transform)
* [User-select](#user-select)

## Aria

#### k-sr-only
This class could be assigned to elements which should be visually hidden, but remain accessible for screen readers.

## Display

#### k-display-inline
This is equivalent to `display: inline;`. The element generates one or more inline element boxes that do not generate line breaks before or after themselves. In normal flow, the next element will be on the same line if there is space.
#### k-display-block
This is equivalent to `display: block;`. The element generates a block element box, generating line breaks both before and after the element when in the normal flow.
#### k-display-inline-block
This is equivalent to `display: inline-block;`. The element generates a block element box that will be flowed with surrounding content as if it were a single inline box (behaving much like a replaced element would).
#### k-display-flex
This is equivalent to `display: flex;`. The element behaves like a block element and lays out its content according to the flexbox model.
#### k-display-inline-flex
This is equivalent to `display: inline-flex;`. The element behaves like an inline element and lays out its content according to the flexbox model.
#### k-display-table
This is equivalent to `display: table;`. These elements behave like HTML `<table>` elements. It defines a block-level box.
#### k-display-inline-table
This is equivalent to `display: inline-table;`. The inline-table value does not have a direct mapping in HTML. It behaves like an HTML `<table>` element, but as an inline box, rather than a block-level box. Inside the table box is a block-level context.
#### k-display-none
This is equivalent to `display: none;`. Turns off the display of an element so that it has no effect on layout (the document is rendered as though the element did not exist). All descendant elements also have their display turned off.
#### k-hidden
This is an alias of `k-display-none`.

## Flex-layout

#### k-d-flex
This is equivalent to `display: flex`. It defines a flex container and enables a flex context for all its direct children. Think of flex items as primarily laying out either in horizontal rows or vertical columns.
#### k-d-inline-flex
This is equivalent to `display: inline-flex`. It defines a flex container and enables a flex context for all its direct children. Think of flex items as primarily laying out either in horizontal rows or vertical columns.
#### k-d-flex-row
This is equivalent to `display: inline-flex` and `flex-direction: row`.
#### k-d-flex-col
This is equivalent to `display: inline-flex` and `flex-direction: column`.
#### k-flex-row
This is equivalent to `flex-direction: row`. This establishes the main-axis to be horizontal, thus defining the direction flex items are placed in the flex container: left to right in `ltr`; right to left in `rtl`.
#### k-flex-row-reverse
This is equivalent to `flex-direction: row-reverse`. This establishes the main-axis to be horizontal, thus defining the direction flex items are placed in the flex container: right to left in `ltr`; left to right in `rtl`.
#### k-flex-col
This is equivalent to `flex-direction: column`. This establishes the main-axis to be vertical, thus defining the direction flex items are placed in the flex container: top to bottom.
#### k-flex-col-reverse
This is equivalent to `flex-direction: column-reverse`. This establishes the main-axis to be vertical, thus defining the direction flex items are placed in the flex container: bottom to top.
#### k-flex-wrap
This is equivalent to `flex-wrap: wrap`. It allows flex items to wrap as needed onto multiple lines, from top to bottom.
#### k-flex-nowrap
This is equivalent to `flex-wrap: nowrap`. All flex items will be on one line.
#### k-flex-wrap-reverse
This is equivalent to `flex-wrap: wrap-reverse`. It allows flex items to wrap as needed onto multiple lines, from bottom to top.
#### k-flex-initial
This is the same as `flex: initial;` and the shorthand for the default value: `flex: 0 1 auto`. It sizes the item based on its `width`/`height` properties (or its content if not set). It makes the flex item inflexible when there is some free space left, but allows it to shrink to its minimum when there is not enough space. The alignment abilities or `auto` margins can be used to align flex items along the main axis.
#### k-flex-1
This is equivalent to `flex: 1 1 0%`. It sizes the item not based on its `width`/`height` properties, but based on the available space. This is similar to `flex: 1 1 auto` execpt it is allowed to shrink beyond its initial size.
#### k-flex-auto
This is equivalent to `flex: 1 1 auto`. Beware, this is not the default value. It sizes the item based on its `width`/`height` properties, but makes it fully flexible so that they absorb any extra space along the main axis. If all items are either `flex: auto`, `flex: initial`, or `flex: none`, any remaining space after the items have been sized will be distributed evenly to the items with `flex: auto`.
#### k-flex-none
This is equivalent to `flex: 0 0 auto`. It sizes the item according to its `width`/`height` properties, but makes it fully inflexible. This is similar to `flex: initial` except it is not allowed to shrink, even in an overflow situation.
#### k-flex-grow
This is equivalent to `flex-grow: 1`. It defines the ability for a flex item to grow if necessary. It accepts a unitless value that serves as a proportion. It dictates what amount of the available space inside the flex container the item should take up.
#### k-flex-grow-0
This is equivalent to `flex-grow: 0`. The item will not grow.
#### k-flex-shrink
This is equivalent to `flex-shrink: 1`. It determines how much the flex item will shrink relative to the rest of the flex items in the flex container when there isn't enough space on the row.
#### k-flex-shrink-0
This is equivalent to `flex-shrink: 0`. The item will not srhink.
#### k-flex-basis-auto
This is equivalent to `flex-basis: auto`. It specifies the initial size of the flex item, before any available space is distributed according to the flex factors. It sizes the element according to its size property.
#### k-flex-basis-0
This is equivalent to `flex-basis: 0`. It specifies the initial size of the flex item, before any available space is distributed according to the flex factors. It disregards the element' size property.

## Float

#### k-float-left
This is equivalent to `float: left;`. The element must float on the left side of its containing block.
#### k-float-right
This is equivalent to `float: right;`. The element must float on the right side of its containing block.
#### k-float-none
This is equivalent to `float: none;`. The element must not float.
#### k-clear-left
This is equivalent to `clear: left;`. Is a keyword indicating that the element is moved down to clear past left floats.
#### k-clear-right
This is equivalent to `clear: right;`. Is a keyword indicating that the element is moved down to clear past right floats.
#### k-clear-both
This is equivalent to `clear: both;`. Is a keyword indicating that the element is moved down to clear past both left and right floats.
#### k-clear-none
This is equivalent to `clear: none;`. Is a keyword indicating that the element is not moved down to clear past floating elements.

## Grid-layout

#### k-d-grid
This is equivalent to `display: grid`. It defines the element as a grid container and establishes a new grid formatting context for its contents.

## Order

#### k-order-first
This is equivalent to `order: -9999;`.
#### k-order-last
This is equivalent to `order: 9999;`.
#### k-order-none
This is equivalent to `order: 0;`.
#### from k-order-1 to k-order-12
This is equivalent to `order: 1;`, `order: 2;`, `order: 12;`, etc.

## Overflow

#### k-overflow-auto
This is equivalent to `overflow: auto;`. Depends on the user agent. If content fits inside the padding box, it looks the same as visible, but still establishes a new block formatting context. Desktop browsers provide scrollbars if content overflows.
#### k-overflow-hidden
This is equivalent to `overflow: hidden;`. Content is clipped if necessary to fit the padding box. No scrollbars are provided, and no support for allowing the user to scroll (such as by dragging or using a scroll wheel) is allowed. The content can be scrolled programmatically (for example, by setting the value of a property such as offsetLeft), so the element is still a scroll container.
#### k-overflow-visible
This is equivalent to `overflow: visible;`. Content is not clipped and may be rendered outside the padding box.
#### k-overflow-scroll
This is equivalent to `overflow: scroll;`. Content is clipped if necessary to fit the padding box. Browsers always display scrollbars whether or not any content is actually clipped, preventing scrollbars from appearing or disappearing as content changes. Printers may still print overflowing content.
#### k-overflow-clip
This is equivalent to `overflow: clip;`. Like for hidden, the content is clipped to the element's padding box. The difference between clip and hidden is that the clip keyword also forbids all scrolling, including programmatic scrolling.
#### k-overflow-x-VALUE
This is equivalent to `overflow-x: VALUE;`. Sets what shows when content overflows a block-level element's left and right edges. The `VALUE` could be set to `auto`, `hidden`, `visible`, `scroll`, and `clip`.
#### k-overflow-y-VALUE
This is equivalent to `overflow-y: VALUE;`. Sets what shows when content overflows a block-level element's top and bottom edges. The `VALUE` could be set to `auto`, `hidden`, `visible`, `scroll`, and `clip`.
#### k-overflow-VALUE_X-VALUE_Y
This is equivalent to `overflow: VALUE_X VALUE_Y;`. This is a shorthand for `overflow-x: VALUE_X; overflow-y: VALUE_Y;`. The `VALUE_X` and `VALUE_Y` could be set to `auto`, `hidden`, `visible`, `scroll`, and `clip`.

## Pointer-events

#### k-pointer-events-none
This is equivalent to `pointer-events: none;`. The element is never the target of pointer events; however, pointer events may target its descendant elements if those descendants have pointer-events set to some other value. In these circumstances, pointer events will trigger event listeners on this parent element as appropriate on their way to/from the descendant during the event capture/bubble phases.
#### k-pointer-events-auto
This is equivalent to `pointer-events: auto;`. The element behaves as it would if the pointer-events property were not specified. In SVG content, this value and the value visiblePainted have the same effect.

## Position

#### k-pos-static
This is equivalent to `position: static;`. The element is positioned according to the normal flow of the document. The top, right, bottom, left, and z-index properties have no effect. This is the default value.
#### k-pos-relative
This is equivalent to `position: relative;`. The element is positioned according to the normal flow of the document, and then offset relative to itself based on the values of top, right, bottom, and left. The offset does not affect the position of any other elements; thus, the space given for the element in the page layout is the same as if position were static.
#### k-pos-absolute
This is equivalent to `position: absolute;`. The element is removed from the normal document flow, and no space is created for the element in the page layout. It is positioned relative to its closest positioned ancestor, if any; otherwise, it is placed relative to the initial containing block. Its final position is determined by the values of top, right, bottom, and left.
#### k-pos-fixed
This is equivalent to `position: fixed;`. The element is removed from the normal document flow, and no space is created for the element in the page layout. It is positioned relative to the initial containing block established by the viewport, except when one of its ancestors has a transform, perspective, or filter property set to something other than none (see the CSS Transforms Spec), in which case that ancestor behaves as the containing block. (Note that there are browser inconsistencies with perspective and filter contributing to containing block formation.) Its final position is determined by the values of top, right, bottom, and left.
#### k-pos-sticky
This is equivalent to `position: sticky;`. The element is positioned according to the normal flow of the document, and then offset relative to its nearest scrolling ancestor and containing block (nearest block-level ancestor), including table-related elements, based on the values of top, right, bottom, and left. The offset does not affect the position of any other elements.
#### k-pos-top
This is equivalent to `top: 0;`.
#### k-pos-right
This is equivalent to `right: 0;`.
#### k-pos-bottom
This is equivalent to `bottom: 0;`.
#### k-pos-left
This is equivalent to `left: 0;`.
#### k-pos-top-start
This is equivalent to `top: 0; left: 0;`.
#### k-pos-top-center
This is equivalent to `top: 0; left: 50%; transform: translateX(-50%);`.
#### k-pos-top-end
This is equivalent to `top: 0; right: 0;`.
#### k-pos-middle-start
This is equivalent to `top: 50%; left: 0; transform: translateY(-50%);`.
#### k-pos-middle-center
This is equivalent to `top: 50%; left: 50%; transform: translate(-50%, -50%);`.
#### k-pos-middle-end
This is equivalent to `top: 50%; right: 0; transform: translateY(-50%);`.
#### k-pos-bottom-start
This is equivalent to `bottom: 0; left: 0;`.
#### k-pos-bottom-center
This is equivalent to `bottom: 0; left: 50%; translateX(-50%);`.
#### k-pos-bottom-end
This is equivalent to `bottom: 0; right: 0;`.

## Resize

#### k-resize-none
This is equivalent to `resize: none;`. The element offers no user-controllable method for resizing it.
#### k-resize-both
This is equivalent to `resize: both;`. The element displays a mechanism for allowing the user to resize it, which may be resized both horizontally and vertically.
#### k-resize-horizontal
This is equivalent to `resize: horizontal;`. The element displays a mechanism for allowing the user to resize it in the horizontal direction.
#### k-resize-vertical
This is equivalent to `resize: vertical;`. The element displays a mechanism for allowing the user to resize it in the vertical direction.

## Spacer

#### k-spacer
This is equivalent to `flex: 1 0 auto;`. If every other element has a fixed size in a flex container, the spacer will take up the remaining space.
#### k-spacer-sized
This is equivalent to `flex-grow: 0;`. The spacer will not take any of the remaining space in a flex container.

## Spacing

#### Available Padding and Margin Values
From `0`(0) to `24`(96px or 6rem), `xs`(4px or .25rem), `sm`(8px or .5rem), `md`(12px or .75rem), `lg`(16px or 1rem), `xl`(24px or 1.5rem), `thin`(2px or .125rem), and `hair`(1px or .0625rem). Numeric values examples - `1`(4px or .25rem), `5`(20px or 1.25rem), `10`(40px or 2.5rem), `20`(80px or 5rem).
#### k-m-VALUE
This is equivalent to `margin: VALUE;`. Margin area on all four sides of the element.
#### k-mt-VALUE
This is equivalent to `margin-top: VALUE;`. Margin area on top of the element.
#### k-mr-VALUE
This is equivalent to `margin-right: VALUE;`. Margin area on right of the element.
#### k-mb-VALUE
This is equivalent to `margin-bottom: VALUE;`. Margin area on bottom of the element.
#### k-ml-VALUE
This is equivalent to `margin-left: VALUE;`. Margin area on left of the element.
#### k-mx-VALUE
This is equivalent to `margin-left: VALUE; margin-right: VALUE;`. Margin area on left and right of the element.
#### k-my-VALUE
This is equivalent to `margin-top: VALUE; margin-bottom: VALUE;``. Margin area on top and bottom of the element.
#### k-p-VALUE
This is equivalent to `padding: VALUE;`. Padding area on all four sides of the element.
#### k-pt-VALUE
This is equivalent to `padding-top: VALUE;`. Padding area on top of the element.
#### k-pr-VALUE
This is equivalent to `padding-right: VALUE;`. Padding area on right of the element.
#### k-pb-VALUE
This is equivalent to `padding-bottom: VALUE;`. Padding area on bottom of the element.
#### k-pl-VALUE
This is equivalent to `padding-left: VALUE;`. Padding area on left of the element.
#### k-px-VALUE
This is equivalent to `padding-left: VALUE; padding-right: VALUE;`. Padding area on left and right of the element.
#### k-py-VALUE
This is equivalent to `padding-top: VALUE; padding-bottom: VALUE;``. Padding area on top and bottom of the element.

## Table-layout

#### k-table-layout-fixed
This is equivalent to `table-layout: fixed;`. Table and column widths are set by the widths of table and col elements or by the width of the first row of cells. Cells in subsequent rows do not affect column widths.
#### k-table-layout-auto
This is equivalent to `table-layout: auto;`. By default, most browsers use an automatic table layout algorithm. The widths of the table and its cells are adjusted to fit the content.

## Text

#### k-text-nowrap
This is equivalent to `white-space: nowrap;`. Collapses white space as for normal, but suppresses line breaks (text wrapping) within the source.
#### k-text-ellipsis
This is equivalent to `white-space: nowrap; overflow: hidden; text-overflow: ellipsis;`.
#### k-text-left
This is equivalent to `text-align: left;`. The inline contents are aligned to the left edge of the line box.
#### k-text-right
This is equivalent to `text-align: right;`. The inline contents are aligned to the right edge of the line box.
#### k-text-center
This is equivalent to `text-align: center;`. The inline contents are centered within the line box.
#### k-text-justify
This is equivalent to `text-align: justify;`. The inline contents are justified. Text should be spaced to line up its left and right edges to the left and right edges of the line box, except for the last line.
#### k-text-lowercase
This is equivalent to `text-transform: lowercase;`. Is a keyword that converts all characters to lowercase.
#### k-text-uppercase
This is equivalent to `text-transform: uppercase;`. Is a keyword that converts all characters to uppercase.
#### k-text-capitalize
This is equivalent to `text-transform: capitalize;`. Is a keyword that converts the first letter of each word to uppercase. Other characters remain unchanged (they retain their original case as written in the element's text).
#### k-font-weight-light
This is equivalent to `font-weight: 300;`. The value of `300` may be different for each Kendo UI Theme.
#### k-font-weight-normal
This is equivalent to `font-weight: 400;`. The value of `400` may be different for each Kendo UI Theme.
#### k-font-weight-bold
This is equivalent to `font-weight: 700;`. The value of `700` may be different for each Kendo UI Theme.

## Touch-action

#### k-touch-action-none
This is equivalent to `touch-action: none;`. Disable browser handling of all panning and zooming gestures.
#### k-touch-action-auto
This is equivalent to `touch-action: auto;`. Enable browser handling of all panning and zooming gestures.

## Transform

#### k-flip-h
This is equivalent to `transform: scaleX( -1 );`. Flips the element horizontally.
#### k-flip-v
This is equivalent to `transform: scaleY( -1 );`. Flips the element vertically.
#### k-rotate-45
This is equivalent to `transform: rotate( 45deg );`. Rotates the element by 45 degrees.
#### k-rotate-90
This is equivalent to `transform: rotate( 90deg );`. Rotates the element by 90 degrees.
#### k-rotate-135
This is equivalent to `transform: rotate( 135deg );`. Rotates the element by 135 degrees.
#### k-rotate-180
This is equivalent to `transform: rotate( 180deg );`. Rotates the element by 180 degrees.
#### k-rotate-225
This is equivalent to `transform: rotate( 225deg );`. Rotates the element by 225 degrees.
#### k-rotate-270
This is equivalent to `transform: rotate( 270deg );`. Rotates the element by 270 degrees.
#### k-rotate-315
This is equivalent to `transform: rotate( 315deg );`. Rotates the element by 315 degrees.
#### k-scale-0
This is equivalent to `transform: scale( 0, 0 );`. The element is shrunk and no longer visible.
#### k-scale-1
This is equivalent to `transform: scale( 1, 1 );`. The element has its default scale.
#### k-scale-2
This is equivalent to `transform: scale( 2, 2 );`. The element is scaling two times in both directions.
#### k-translate-0
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 0, 0 );`. The element does not move.
#### k-translate-0-50
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 0, 50% );`. The element moves vertically by 50% of its height.
#### k-translate-0-100
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 0, 100% );`. The element moves vertically by 100% of its height.
#### k-translate-50-0
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 50%, 0 );`. The element moves horizontally by 50% of its width.
#### k-translate-50-50
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 50%, 50% );`. The element moves horizontally by 50% of its width and vertically by 50% of its height.
#### k-translate-50-100
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 50%, 100% );`. The element moves horizontally by 50% of its width and vertically by 100% of its height.
#### k-translate-100-0
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 100%, 0 );`. The element moves horizontally by 100% of its width.
#### k-translate-100-50
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 100%, 50% );`. The element moves horizontally by 100% of its width and vertically by 50% of its height.
#### k-translate-100-100
This is equivalent to `transform: translate( 100%, 100% );`. The element moves horizontally by 100% of its width and vertically by 100% of its height.

## User-select

#### k-user-select-none
This is equivalent to `user-select: none;`. The text of the element and its sub-elements is not selectable. Note that the Selection object can contain these elements.
#### k-user-select-auto
This is equivalent to `user-select: auto;`. This is the default value of the `user-select` property.
#### k-user-select-text
This is equivalent to `user-select: text;`. The text can be selected by the user.
#### k-user-select-all
This is equivalent to `user-select: all;`. The content of the element shall be selected atomically: If a selection would contain part of the element, then the selection must contain the entire element including all its descendants.  If a double-click or context-click occurred in sub-elements, the highest ancestor with this value will be selected.
#### k-user-select-contain
This is equivalent to `user-select: contain;`. Enables selection to start within the element; however, the selection will be contained by the bounds of that element.
